[Music]
ten weird symbols hidden in famous logos
world famous brand logos follow us
wherever we go we see them in television
commercials on our way to work and on
t-shirts in 90% of cases we have no idea
what meaning is hidden in those
seemingly abstract lines today we will
explain and even show you what all these
logos actually mean 10
Janell this logos creation story is an
extraordinary and romantic one Coco
Chanel Druid herself while staying at
sheds on climates in Nice according to
one popular legend the world famous
symbol was inspired by the castles
vaulted arches many point out the magic
of the letters since CC represents both
first letters in the name of the castle
and Coco's initials
9 Google the Google logos creators use
three main colors red yellow and blue
you may notice that their arrangement
within the logo is subject to a
particular algorithm but the green
colored letter breaks with the overall
logic and it is meant to be the most
important letter in the word with this
unexpected splash of green the designers
seem to imply that Google is about
breaking stereotypes and not playing by
the usual rules 8 Gillette
[Music]
at first glance it might seem that this
logo consists of nothing more than the
Gillette brand name right but if you
look closely you'll see that the edges
of the letters G and I mimic the shape
of the great shaving machines blades
what a smart idea 7 b2b she the pieces
of this logo consists of the coat of
arms of the Iwasaki family the founders
of the Mitsubishi Company the court of
arms features three diamonds stacked on
top of one another the diamonds
represent reliability integrity and
success all the color red implies
confidence beside the Japanese believe
that this color helps to attract
customers well judging by how popular
these cars are all over the world it
actually works
[Music]
six goodwill goodwill is a
world-renowned non profit organization
that collects donations of food clothing
and essentials to help needy employees
of the organization believe that doing
good deeds shouldn't be regarded as
something out of the ordinary but rather
as an everyday activity that's why their
logo is built around the letter G which
from a distance resembles a happy face
five FedEx most people don't immediately
see the arrow formed by the space
between the letters E and s but once
someone notices it
he or she begins to see it first and
foremost whenever looking at the logo to
be honest that's what the designers were
aiming for the arrow acts on the
customers subconscious symbolizing the
courier services speed and
trustworthiness for Nike
a student named Carolyn Davidson was
paid a mere 35 dollars for designing
this logo in 1975
you may say what only 35 dollars
actually years later the company gave
Carolyn a much more generous reward for
this as you can guess the world famous
symbol represents the wings of the Greek
goddess nike who used to inspire
warriors to victory three Pepsi in the
run-up to the Mexican All Saints Day aka
the Day of the Dead
Pepsi wants release bottles with an
inverted logo most customers thought
that it was a production defect but some
of the particularly savvy shoppers
realized that when inverted the Pepsi
logo red is dead which was very similar
to the word is dead to the Tour de
France
[Music]
even if you've seen the logo of the
famous Tour de France cycling race a
million times before chances are you
haven't once noticed an image of a
cyclist hidden among the letters look
more closely the letter R reforms the
cyclist body and the son becomes the
bike's wheel one McDonald's designer of
the first McDonald's restaurants came up
with the idea to equip the buildings
with two large golden arches these
architectural features quickly became
the symbol of fast food later the
company wanted to abandon the logo but
psychologist Lewis chessmen persuaded
the management to keep it he argued that
this symbol looked similar to an upside
down image of the female breast
and therefore reminded people of their
carefree childhood did you enjoy our
video then hit the like button below it
helps us make more interesting videos
for you don't forget to click subscribe
to stay on the bright side of life